was; everybody says that he is eat up with pride, and I dare say he had
.His pride,. said Miss Lucas, .does not offend _me_ so much as pride
_his_ pride, if he had not mortified _mine_..
quality or other, real or imaginary. Vanity and pride are different
pronounced to be very bad indeed, a mixture of pride and impertinence;
.Such as vanity and pride..
.Yes, vanity is a weakness indeed. But pride--where there is a real
superiority of mind, pride will be always under good regulation..
pride and obsequiousness, self-importance and humility.
Hertfordshire. Everybody is disgusted with his pride. You will not find
pride of this Mr. Darcy has not made him just to you! If from no better
be traced to pride; and pride had often been his best friend. It has
impulses even than pride..
.Can such abominable pride as his have ever done him good?.
poor. Family pride, and _filial_ pride--for he is very proud of what
Pemberley House, is a powerful motive. He has also _brotherly_ pride,
pride never deserts him; but with the rich he is liberal-minded, just,
her authoritative manner, and the rest from the pride for her
could refuse him; and though his pride was hurt, he suffered in no other
health. Mr. Collins was also in the same state of angry pride. Elizabeth
connections, and pride..
the cause, his pride and caprice were the cause, of all that Jane had
pride, she was convinced, would receive a deeper wound from the want of
by this worst kind of pride, and partly by the wish of retaining Mr.
subject of tenderness than of pride. His sense of her inferiority--of
overlooked, had not your pride been hurt by my honest confession of the
unconsciously so strong an affection. But his pride, his abominable
pride--his shameless avowal of what he had done with respect to
her; his style was not penitent, but haughty. It was all pride and
.How despicably I have acted!. she cried; .I, who have prided myself
even the _appearance_ of what is right. His pride, in that direction,
by pride or attachment, had evidently great pleasure in talking of her
acquaintance of some of those very people against whom his pride had
nothing to accuse him of but pride; pride he probably had, and if not,
pride exciting not only astonishment but gratitude--for to love, ardent
just when she had expected most pleasure and pride in her company,
in him. He generously imputed the whole to his mistaken pride, and
of Wickham! Every kind of pride must revolt from the connection. He had,
on whom she had such anxious designs, or satisfy the appetite and pride
was given good principles, but left to follow them in pride and conceit.
Indeed he has no improper pride. He is perfectly amiable. You do not
rid of her two most deserving daughters. With what delighted pride
